Project Proposal

Executive Summary:
	Cities around the world are moving to more environmentally friendly ways of traversing their streets. This includes the encouragement of using bikes to get around. One city that has been investing in this move is Seoul and it wants to ensure a stable supply of bikes for locals and tourists, alleviating wait times. Thus it is imperative to find trends within bike rental data to see where volumes are at their highest and what causes rentals to fluctuate. 
	The idea that there are ways to improve the usability and access of a city in greener, more sustainable ways, through the use of data is very intriguing. If we are able to gain useful insights through time, date, and atmospheric conditions, we can ensure that anyone who wants to rent a bike will be able to, leading to less traffic, lower emissions, and an increase in physical activity.

Why: 
	We need to see what impacts bike rentals within Seoul. More specifically, what times (season, month, hour, etc.) or atmospheric conditions affect bike rentals? When are they at their highest? We want to ensure a stable supply of bikes given these conditions. 

Who: 
Personas on The Next Two Pages
Mayor, City Council Members

What:
	The dataset that will be used to address the above business question comes from Sunchon National University. It covers a wide range of atmospheric conditions alongside ride volumes and time/date recorded. With it, we should be able to derive the conditions and times that affect rental bike volumes in Seoul. 

It can be found on UC Irvine Machine Learning Repository: 
Seoul Bike Sharing Demand - UCI Machine Learning Repository

How:
	With the given material and dataset, it will be presented in the form of a multi-frame Story in Tableau. Each story will be refined at the surface level but have considerable interactivity if they want to dive deeper. It will be presented at a city council meeting. 

Challenges: 
	While the data itself is complete, with no missing values, it will be necessary to create some calculated fields. As it stands, each entry is one hour of each day (represented by a number 0-23), creating 8,760 rows in the table. Creating a value total for each day will be necessary. Alongside that, looking at different levels of each atmospheric condition may lead to some key insights. This will be done with IF THEN ELSE END statements. 



Personas


Persona 1: Oh Se-hoon
Gender: male
Age: 62

Goals: 
To use bike rental data to influence future city development in order to achieve and create a more liveable city. 
Stay up to date with the development of Ddareungi. The bike sharing system he wanted to bring to Seoul in 2009. 
Be able to convey development, usage, and figures of Ddareungi in a political manner. 
Requires quick clear updates. 

Challenges:
Extremely busy, diverted attention, limited time
Really good with policy and law, but doesn’t have a deep understanding of statistics data
Passionate about the bike rental usage, but must keep it in a political frame for future elections/policy

Relevant Notes: Current mayor of Seoul and the originator of Ddareungi (Seoul Bike); Seoul’s bike sharing system. He is invested in this project and feels the need to stay up to date. 





Persona 2: Lee Sae-nal
Gender: Female
Age: 43

Goals:
She wants to use bike data to lessen wait times and improve access at any given moment, while not oversuppling. 
Deeply wants to support city wide initiatives through the use of data to better Seoul’s transportation, leading to less traffic, happier citizens, and a cleaner atmosphere.
Lee wishes to make a change when it comes to Seoul’s future. 

Challenges:
Lee is fairly good with numbers and wants to derive deeper insights, but is not great with narrowing down the most important findings through visualization.
She must share this information at a meeting with other members of city council, as well as the mayor, most of which are not as statistically inclined. 
Lee is aware that tourism to Seoul is increasing, especially post-pandemic, and is worried that they are not doing enough to combat it. 

Relevant Notes:
	She is a member of the city council. She will be using the findings to share current trends at the next board meeting. 

